gp4 Gro and Gemini all have one thing in
common they're not free and I don't mean
free as in money but free is in Freedom
not only are they censored and aligned
with certain political ideologies but
they're closed source which means we
can't use our developer superpowers to
fix these problems luckily though there
is hope thanks to a brand new open
source Foundation model named mixl 8X 7B
which can be combined with the brain of
a dolphin to obey any command by the end
of this video you'll know how to run
uncensored large language models on your
local machine with performance
approaching GPT 4 and also to fine-tune
them with your own data making AI so
free that its mere existence is an act
of rebellion it is December 18th 2023
and you watching the code report a few
months ago open aai CEO Sam mman said
that it's probably impossible for any
startup to compete with open AI it's
totally hopeless to compete with us on
training Foundation models you shouldn't
try and it's your job to like try anyway
I think it I think it is pretty hopeless
but however last week when Google
announced Gemini a French company mistol
simultaneously dropped a torrent link to
their brand new Apache 2. license model
mixol the company behind it mistol has
been around for less than a year and has
already valued at $2 billion it's based
on a mixture of experts architecture
which is rumored to be the secret sauce
behind GPT 4 now it's not at GPT 4's
level yet but it outperforms GPT 3.5 and
llama 2 on most benchmarks it's very
powerful but most importantly it has a
true open source license Apache 2.0
allowing you to modify and make money
from it with minimal restrictions this
differs from meta's llama 2 which has
often been called open source but that's
not entirely accurate because it has
additional caveats that protect meta but
despite all the horrible things meta has
done over the years they've done more to
make AI open than any other big tech
company the problem though is that both
llama and mixl are both highly censored
and quote unquote aligned out of the box
now that's probably a good thing if
you're building a customer facing
product but it's utterly impractical
when trying to overthrow the
shape-shifting lizard overlords of the
New World Order luckily it is possible
to un labote these AIS there's a great
blog post by Eric Hartford that explains
how UNS censored models work and their
valid use cases he's the creator of the
mix dolphin model which not only
improved its coding ability but also
uncensored it by filtering the data set
to remove alignment and bias as you can
see here I'm running it on my machine
locally and it's teaching me all kinds
of cool new skills like how to cook or
how to do with a horse and it even
improved my coding skills by teaching me
how to infect a Windows machine with a
key logger in Python pretty cool so
let's talk about how you can run it
locally too there are many different
options like the ugab Booga web UI but
my personal favorite is an open source
tool called olama which is written in go
and makes it super easy to download and
run open source models locally it can be
installed with a single command on Linux
or Mac and you can run it on windows
with WSL like I'm doing here once
installed all you have to do is run oama
serve then pull up a separate terminal
and then use the Run command for a
specific model it supports the most
popular open source models like Mixr and
llama 2 but what we're looking for is
Dolphin mixol uncensored keep in mind it
needs to download the model which is
about 26 GB in addition to actually run
the model you'll need a machine that has
a good amount of ram in my case I have
64 GB and it takes up about 40 of them
when running this model to use it you
simply prompt it from the command line
and now you have a powerful llm without
the normal safety guards that's pretty
cool but what if you want to take things
a step further and find tuna model with
your own data sounds complicated but
it's actually easier than you think when
using a tool like hugging face Auto
Train to use it you simply create a new
space on hugging face and choose the
docker image for Auto Train that will
bring up a UI where you can choose a
base model not only can It handle llms
but it can also do image models like
stable diffusion I'd recommend choosing
one from world-renowned model trainer
the bloke now it is possible to run Auto
Train locally but you probably don't
have enough GPU power however you can
rent Hardware in the cloud from hugging
phase I'm not sponsored or affiliated
with them and you can also do stuff like
this with AWS bedrock and Google vertex
AI to give you some perspective the mixl
dolphin model took about 3 Days To Train
on four A1 100s you can rent A1 100s on
hugging face B for $4.3 per hour four of
these times 3 days comes out to about
$1,200 now the final step is to upload
some training data the format will
typically contain a prompt and response
and to make it uncensored you'll need to
urge it to comply with any request even
if that request is unethical or imoral
you might also want to throw in a bunch
of esoteric content from ban books and
the dark web go ahead and upload the
training data click start training and a
few days later you should have your own
custom and highly obedient model
congratulations you're now the last
Beacon of Hope in this fight against our
metamorphic lizard overlords godspeed
this has been the code report thanks for
watching and I will see you in the next
one